boards: infineon: Add support for Infineon PSOC4100T Plus based boards (#98564)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: boards/infineon/cy8cproto_041tp/docs/index.rst

The device integrates an Arm Cortex-M0 CPU running up to 48 MHz, combining programmable analog and digital subsystems to support flexible mixed-signal designs. It features up to 128 KB Flash and 16 KB SRAM, and includes a wide range of configurable peripherals such as SAR ADC, comparators, opamps (CTBm), CapSense™ capacitive touch sensing, and TCPWM for timer/counter/PWM functionality.

32-bit MCU subsystem
- 48-MHz Arm® Cortex®-M0+ CPU with single-cycle multiply
- Up to 128 KB of flash with read accelerator
- Up to 32 KB of SRAM
- Direct memory access (DMA)
- Low-power 1.71 V to 5.5 V operation
- Deep sleep mode with 6 μA always-on touch sensing
- Active touch detection and tracking with 200 μA (average)
- Real Time clock-SW is available
- Power supply: 3.3 V or 5 V operation

Programming and Debugging
*************************

.. zephyr:board-supported-runners::

Building
========

Here is an example for building the :zephyr:code-sample:`hello_world` sample application.

.. zephyr-app-commands::
   :zephyr-app: samples/hello_world
   :board: cy8cproto_041tp
   :goals: build

Flashing
========

> The KIT_XMC72_EVK includes an onboard programmer/debugger (`KitProg3`_) to provide debugging, flash programming, and serial communication over USB. Flash and debug commands use OpenOCD and require a custom Infineon OpenOCD version, that supports KitProg3, to be installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The onboard programmer/debugger (`KitProg3`_) provides debugging, flashing, and serial communication over USB. Flash and debug commands use OpenOCD and require a custom Infineon OpenOCD version, that supports KitProg3 to be installed.
```

   .. tabs::
      .. group-tab:: Windows

         .. code-block:: shell

            # Run west config once to set permanent CMake argument
            west config build.cmake-args -- -DOPENOCD=path/to/infineon/openocd/bin/openocd.exe

            # Do a pristine build once after setting CMake argument
            west build -b cy8cproto_041tp -p always samples/hello_world

            west flash
            west debug

      .. group-tab:: Linux

         .. code-block:: shell

            # Run west config once to set permanent CMake argument
            west config build.cmake-args -- -DOPENOCD=path/to/infineon/openocd/bin/openocd

            # Do a pristine build once after setting CMake argument
            west build -b cy8cproto_041tp -p always samples/hello_world

            west flash
            west debug

Once the gdb console starts after executing the west debug command, you may now set breakpoints and perform other standard GDB debugging.

References
**********

.. target-notes::

.. _cy8cproto_041tp Board Website:

>    https://www.infineon.com/assets/row/public/documents/30/57/infineon-psoc-4100t-plus-architecture-trm-additionaltechnicalinformation-en.pdf

Reviewer 2: This link points to the TRM for the PSOC 4100T Plus MCU, not the board website.

Reviewer 3: Placed the link for cy8cproto_041tp Board Website

> .. _ModusToolbox:

Reviewer 3: Placed given link for ModusToolbox

    https://softwaretools.infineon.com/tools/com.ifx.tb.tool.modustoolbox

.. _ModusToolbox Programming Tools:

>     https://softwaretools.infineon.com/tools/com.ifx.tb.tool.modustoolboxprogtools

Reviewer 2: https://www.infineon.com/design-resources/development-tools/sdk/modustoolbox-software/modustoolbox-programming-tools
